Mention also AdmissionPolicies in monitor page (#128)
kubewarden/docs: docs/operator-manual/monitor-mode/01-intro.md

   included in the metric baggage. Therefore, it's easy to filter policies by
   mode, and focus on the ones deployed via `monitor` mode.

The `mode` is an attribute included in the `ClusterAdmissionPolicy` and `AdmissionPolicy`

> resources. It supports two modes: `monitor` and `protect`. If the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resources. There are two values that the `mode` attribute can assume: `monitor` and `protect`. If the
```
